Technology Accessories Yeti Just Made Its First Phone Case For The iPhone 18 Pro, And It's All About Durability By Christine Persaud Sept. 15, 2026 3:47 pm EST Yeti Add BGR on Google: Preferred Source Google Discover Yeti has a reputation for durability and ruggedness with its core product line, which includes drinkware, coolers, bags, and more. It's a sign of prestige to have a Yeti water bottle or travel mug in hand, or to show up for the family camping trip with one of Yeti's fancy coolers, which are often ranked among the best coolers you can buy. The brand generally focuses on products for the outdoors, but it has branched out into other areas as well. Today, Yeti makes things like cooking pans, fire pits, food storage, and even apparel, too. And now, the company is getting into the tech space to complement a hot new product from a brand with a similar level of prestige: Apple. The Yeti LoadOut phone case, the company's first-ever phone case, is designed for the iPhone 18 Pro and 18 Pro Max. The Yeti LoadOut phone case comes in two sizes, one that fits the iPhone 18 Pro (as well as the previous-generation iPhone 17 Pro since they share the same dimensions), and another that fits the larger iPhone 18 Pro Max and iPhone 17 Pro Max. It's priced on the higher end of the scale at $70, but has a design and features that make it an enticing option for owners of these new and one-generation-old phones who are looking for maximum protection. The durability of the Yeti LoadOut case Yeti Features relating to protection are what you should look for first in a phone case, and it comes as no surprise that Yeti is leaning heavily into this angle for its LoadOut case. Its TripleShot Protection provides three layers of protection, as the name implies, with cushioning in specific areas to protect the phone against bumps, drops, and falls. It meets MIL-STD-810H drop protection standards as well, which means it can handle impact from a drop as high as four feet onto a plywood or concrete surface. Additionally, the case has raised rubber bezels on the side to provide shock protection and guard the screen in the event of an accidental drop. This is complemented by non-slip edges that make it easy to grip your phone and prevent drops in the first place, along with protection for the camera lenses. Button covers protect physical buttons while still allowing you to access all functions and ports to do things like lock your phone, use the camera, and more.
